[`README.md`] Split the `Usage` section into 'Configuring' and 'Advanced Configuration' (#192)
ota-meshi/eslint-plugin-regexp: README.md

<!--DOCS_IGNORE_END-->

> ## :book: Configuring

Reviewer: I think that section should still be called "Usage".

```suggestion
## :book: Usage
```

<!--USAGE_SECTION_START-->

Add `regexp` to the plugins section of your `.eslintrc` configuration file (you can omit the `eslint-plugin-` prefix)  
and either use the recommended configuration or configure the rules you want:

### The recommended configuration

> This plugin provides one config: `regexp/recommended`, it enables a subset of core rules, and it's the recommended configuration.
> *See https://github.com/ota-meshi/eslint-plugin-regexp/blob/master/lib/configs/recommended.ts for details.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `regexp/recommended` config enables a subset of [the core rules](#white_check_mark-rules) that should be most useful to most users.
*See https://github.com/ota-meshi/eslint-plugin-regexp/blob/master/lib/configs/recommended.ts for more details.*
```

```js
// .eslintrc.js
module.exports = {
    "plugins": [
        "regexp"
    ],
    "extends": [
         // add more generic rulesets here, such as:
         // 'eslint:recommended',
        "plugin:regexp/recommended"
    ]
}
```

### Advanced Configuration

> Override/add specific rules settings. *See also: [http://eslint.org/docs/user-guide/configuring](http://eslint.org/docs/user-guide/configuring)*.

Reviewer: I have a problem with the word "settings". Settings are a different concept in ESLint, so we should use a different word here.

```suggestion
Override/add specific rules configurations. *See also: [http://eslint.org/docs/user-guide/configuring](http://eslint.org/docs/user-guide/configuring)*.
```

```js
// .eslintrc.js
module.exports = {
    "plugins": [
        "regexp"
    ],

>     rules: {

Reviewer: Let's keep the quoting consistent.

```suggestion
    "rules": {
```

        // Override/add rules settings here, such as:

>         'regexp/rule-name': 'error'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "regexp/rule-name": "error"
```
